Inception idea: beside gathering "transaction results" scores,
it is possible to analyse who gave those scores, and how those person are trustworthy.
This idea, applied recursively, can also take shape of
"how the person that gave their score is related to one seeking reputation of the person who got the score".

Examples:

1. Imagine that we have a trustworthiness score T_A(X) of a user X for user A
   representing that X may lie to A with probability T_A(X).
   T_A(X) could be estimated by A themselves if they interacted with X.
   For a close friend it may be 1, for somebody who just cheated A it is probably 0.

   If we know T_A(B) and T_B(X), how can we estimate T_A(X)? Well, probably as T_A(X) = T_A(B) * T_B(X)
   as the risk is generated by both A not being sure in B and B not being sure in X.

   Does this contradict T_A(B) ≠ T_A(X) * T_B(X)? Well, not quite: the difference is, A doesn't have
   an estimation of T_A(X) if it were not B. Or, more precise, they don't have an estimation better than T_A(B) * T_B(X).

2. Now let's consider a bigger number of users, and some of which had transactions with others,
   and hence having their T_Ui(Uj) defined. How can we estimate T_A(X)? We can try to look for a path
   from X to A on the graph which edges represent transactions and nodes represent users.
   Omitting the computational complexity questions for now, let's consider the 3 outcomes:
   there's 1 path (or 1 is found), there's no path, or there's more than 1 path.

   If there's one path, say A - B - ... - X, we can estimate T_A(X) as before: as the product of T_A(B) * T_B(..) * ... * T_..(X).

   If there's no path, we can either estimate it as 0, as some basic value that A can configure for themselves
   or fallback to a non-network estimation.

   What if there are multiple paths? Let's denote the corresponding estimations T_A^1(X), T_A^2(X), .. T_A^n(X).
   Which estimation can we have for T_A^(X)? A pessimistic minimum of them, an average, an optimistic maximum?
   ...

3. todo: describe other ideas, check literature

todo: describe limiting search to "n handshakes", consider the speed of such search given the info is on blockchain (n/2 from X, n/2 from A)
todo: consider target properties of the model, possible attacks/resistance
